Eric the midgets on YouTube now he won't
come on our show anymore the reason he
claims he won't cut is that this is all
your Eric the Midget update all right
the reason Eric the Midget won't come on
our show anymore is because not because
of me and not because of you or not
because of anyone on the show but
because the fans drive him crazy oh he
doesn't like the fans because the fans
keep posting that he's dead and he
claims he's not dead he's very much
alive well anybody claiming that they're
not dead but usually isn't dead but if
but my point to him was if the fans are
driving you crazy then why are you going
on YouTube they will forget about you if
you disappear right no will they find
him over on YouTube well in fact haven't
they found open to anyone who really
wanted to find him as found him so
anyway here is part of Eric's extremely
long and boring we take the highlights
trust me you gotta weed this up yeah you
gotta weed through a lot of stuff to get
to anything relevant here here's Eric
the Midget pissed cuz he wants to be
left alone all right you want you people
are the reason why I'm not calling in
the show anymore it's nothing to do with
Howard and the staff anymore it's you
right so if you do want me maybe to
reconsider cook bad call it the show
leave me the fuck alone it's Fantas not
bugging me stop reporting I'm dead stop
doing all the bush that you're doing if
you want me to maybe reconsider and
start calling the show just back the
fuck off me hmm or else you will fucking
regret it she's always making threats I
wonder because like what is the regret
you're going to have I don't know but
he's always making threats like when he
close Johnny tells him you know what to
do and but i'm wondering if Eric's ever
actually carried out a threat well
that's what I mean he just levels these
threats as anything ever
happened anyone because of it he's like
a little gangster mm-hmm cross me I'm
getting sick of this bullshit you'll
back off my ass and leave me the fuck
alone that place on the internet that
you call home will be fucking gone so I
see probably stern fan network Oh get
rid of like websites yeah haha the
website will be gone stop with the
stupid bullshit I am not dead I've not
been dead at all so shut up why does
everything bother him so much he just
yeah he gets really overly upset I got
everything but he clearly wants people
to talk about me he wants people
involved with him right but he wants
them under control that they only say
what he wants to hear right yeah he
wants them to behave yeah and he doesn't
realize that that never happens